Add TextLink accessibility documentation (#4754)
kiwicom/orbit: docs/src/documentation/03-components/01-action/textlink/03-accessibility.mdx

### Accessibility Props

The following props are available to improve the accessibility of your TextLink component:

| Name          | Type                            | Description                                                                                         |
| :------------ | :------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| asComponent   | `string \| () => React.Element` | Allows rendering the component as a different element.                                              |
| ariaCurrent   | `string`                        | Indicates if the component represents the current item within a set of related elements.            |
| aria-label    | `string`                        | Defines accessible text for the component, replacing the visible text for screen readers.           |
| aria-controls | `string`                        | Identifies the element controlled by the component, establishing a relationship for screen readers. |
| title         | `string`                        | HTML attribute providing additional information.                                                    |

> The TextLink component extends Common.Globals type, which means it accepts all standard HTML attributes including ARIA attributes. While `ariaCurrent` is implemented as a specific prop, other ARIA attributes (like `aria-controls`, `aria-label`, etc.) can be passed directly as HTML attributes.

Reviewer: > The TextLink component extends Common.Globals type, which means it accepts all standard HTML attributes including ARIA attributes.

This is not true 🤨 The Common.Globals type only includes `id` and `dataTest` and it is something internal that should not be mentioned in the documentation.

However, it is indeed true that it accepts all data- and aria- attributes, just not because of that inheritance

### Automatic Accessibility Features

The TextLink component automatically manages several accessibility features:

- The component automatically manages HTML semantics and ARIA attributes:

  - Uses the semantically correct element based on props:
    - Renders as `<a>` when `href` is provided
    - Renders as `<button>` when no `href` is provided
    - Renders as specified custom element when `asComponent` is provided

>   - Sets appropriate ARIA states based on component props

Reviewer: Does it?

  - Sets `role="button"` when `onClick` is provided without `href`
  - Sets proper `rel` attributes for external links (`noopener`, `noreferrer`)
  - Sets `type="button"` when rendered as a button element

- Focus management is handled automatically:
  - Native focus behavior is preserved based on the rendered element
  - Ensures proper focus appearance for keyboard users

### Best Practices

- Use clear and descriptive link text that describes the destination or purpose of the link. Avoid generic text like "click here" or "read more" without proper context.

- When using icons in links (with `iconLeft` or `iconRight`), ensure they have appropriate accessibility labels:

  - If the icon is decorative and accompanied by text, the icon should be hidden from screen readers

>   - If the icon alone conveys meaning (especially when used without text), use `aria-label` on the icon to describe its purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the icon alone conveys meaning (especially when used without text), use the ariaLabel prop on the icon to describe its purpose
```

- For TextLinks with only icons (no text content), always provide an `aria-label` to ensure screen reader users understand the link's purpose.

- The `title` attribute is not reliably announced by screen readers and should not be used as the primary method for providing additional information to screen reader users. Instead:
  - Use descriptive link text
  - Use `aria-label` for links with unclear text or icon-only links
  - For additional descriptive information, consider using visible text or alternative ARIA attributes

### Keyboard Navigation

TextLink components are navigable with keyboard by default:

- **When rendered as anchor (`<a>`):**

  - Users can focus on links using the **Tab** key
  - Users can activate links using the **Enter** key

- **When rendered as button (`<button>`):**
  - Users can focus using the **Tab** key
  - Users can activate using both **Enter** and **Space** keys

On mobile devices with on-screen keyboards, standard touch interactions apply while maintaining the same keyboard accessibility patterns when an external keyboard is connected.

> ### Examples

Reviewer: It would be good to have examples for ariaCurrent and aria-controls (or at least the first one)
